So, I spent a lot of time in my comments
and DMs, and I've noticed a bunch of the
same questions over and over again.
Today, what I want to do is grab the
most commonly asked ones, the ones that
I feel are interfering with most
people's ability to start a successful
AI automation business. I get asked
these over on my daily updates channel.
What I'm going to do is pull them in
here and answer every single one of
them. My goal is to save a little bit of
time, ultimately get you to the point
where you're making money faster. Let's
get into it. Kiana says, "I've been
following your channel since you're on
AK subs. It's been incredible to witness
your growth. One thing I've always
admired is how openly you share
everything, no gatekeeping, just
straight value." Thank you. wanted a
pros idea for a future video, something
more build with me style. I'd love to
see what kind of CRM or client tracking
system, whether in ClickUp or Google
Sheets, you would personally build if
you were starting from scratch and
aiming to hit your first 10K a month.
Specifically, how do you structure a
beginner CRM to track lead quality from
prospect to lead to opportunity to paid
client? What key systems would you set
up to improve your closing probability
within the first month of starting out?
Would you implement a 5,000 emails a
month outreach system? Five warmed up
email accounts sending 30 emails per day
each. If so, how would you manage it and
stay consistent? Lastly, would you add
any multimodal outreach methods like
Loom video? If he asks you to show a
quick example or demo of your process.
I'm more of an observational
kinesesthetic learner, so that would
really help me. Thanks again for all the
gems you dropped over the years. Keep
leading from the front. You're genuinely
changing lives. I really appreciate
this, man. Damn, we got some real good
vibes in here. I'm tearing up, but I am
going to burst your bubble here. You
know, you said you like the no
gatekeeping, just straight value. I am
going to share this openly. I wouldn't
worry about a CRM at all until you hit
$10,000 a month or more. I think a CRM
is just a total waste of time. Your
problem, your bottleneck at under
$10,000 a month is not organization.
Your bottleneck at under $10,000 a month
is just doing the thing over and over
and over again. Anybody can hit $10,000
a month. Hitting $10,000 a month is not
a sophisticated problem. Hitting $10,000
a month is a caveman level intellect
problem where you have your club and you
have the button and you just go bang
bang bang bang over and over and over
and over again faster and stronger and
better until you hit the $10,000 a
month. The sophisticated stuff comes in
play later where you're trying to scale
from I don't know 30 or 40 or $50,000 a
month onwards. But at that level, and
you know, it depends on, I guess, where
you are in the world and maybe like the
buying power of your local dollar or
whatever. But, you know, from my
perspective, at that level, you don't
inherently need any crazy sauce. You
just need to do the same thing over and
over again for a certain period of time.
Just see Maker School as an example.
Total beginners, people that have never
ever made a dollar, let alone with AM
Automation, but just on the internet in
general, just get a list of three things
that they just do over and over and over
and over and over again. They don't just
$10,000 a month. They scale even
further. 15, 20, 25, and so on. So, I
know I'm just dog fooding my own program
here. So, maybe I'll stop that. But,
yeah, how would I structure a beginner
CRM to track lead quality? I wouldn't I
wouldn't at all. I literally wouldn't
even have a CRM to be honest. I just
have like a to-do list. I wouldn't like
focus any of my time on that. I would
just have a to-do list. That's how I'd
do everything. I would follow up with
everybody, but I'd follow up with them
using like lower effort, more automated
methods to be real. Like, I'd use
instantly sequences to do follow-ups
until somebody gets back to me or
whatever. How many calls you
realistically having a day? Like, if
you're a beginner or whatever, you're
having like maybe one call a day. So, if
you have one call a day, then you just
have a list of everybody that I don't
know, you like pump into like a Gmail
label or something called follow-ups and
just every day you go on there and you
just say, "Okay, like I want to follow
up with people every day." So, follow up
with him, follow up with her, follow up
with him, follow up with her. You don't
need like a CRM for that, right? What
key systems would you set up to improve
your closing probabilities in the first
month of starting out? Uh, the first
month of starting out, like you're
probably going to have a pretty
closing probability to be honest. Your
conversion rate is probably going to be
pretty trash. So, I would just do more
reps. The systems that I would set up
would be life systems that would just
enable me to do the thing more often.
So, are there minor changes that you
could make to I don't know like your
ergonomic setup or like your
relationship setup or your home setup or
you know like where your kids are or
situated or can you get a desk in your
bedroom or something like that? Can you
just make your life easier in such a way
that you can do 10 Upwork applications a
day or spend 30 minutes every day
managing cold email or something like
that? Like that's what you need to be
focusing on. And those are like personal
systems. They're not like business
systems. Would you implement a 5,000
emails a month outreach system? That's
five warmed up email accounts sending 30
emails per day each. How do you manage
it and stay consistent? Yeah, you know,
I'd probably go much more than 5,000
emails a month to be honest. I mean, I
double that probably a minimum because
what you're seeing here is you're seeing
five warmed up accounts times 30 emails
per day. That's 150 emails a day, but
you're not taking into account the
sequence steps. If you want to have
like, let's say, two emails in a
sequence on day one, you'll send 150
from for email A, and then day two, you
actually only send 75 for email A and
then 75 for email B. Do you know what I
mean? Or or email two, you know, one and
two. Like let me make it um simple with
this. Unfortunately, I don't have my
Excaladraw. That's why I've been
avoiding this. But yeah, like day one
you'll send 150 emails to step one.
Okay, day two you'll send 75 emails to
step one and 75 emails to step two.
Right? So then, you know, day three, if
you think about it, you'll just continue
going 75 emails to step one, 75 emails
to step two. I guess the point I'm
making is like you're basically doing
75. That's how much it averages out to.
So, if you wanted to do 30 a month times
75, you're only doing 2.1K. I think you
can do way more than 2.1K. So, I I would
double it. Yeah, I'd probably double it.
I do like 270 a day. And I just do that
because odds are I'm beginner, right, in
this hypothetical. I've never done this
or this the first time doing it or
whatever. I don't really know what I'm
doing. I don't just want to like go
balls deep basically until I've figured
this out a little bit, had some
feedback. Okay. Then lastly, would you
add any multimodal outreach methods like
Loom videos? Yeah, for sure. If so,
could you show a quick example or demo
of your process? more of an
observational kinesesthetic learner.
That would really help. Yeah, 100%. Um,
it depends on what you're talking about.
Like, are you talking about Upwork? I
don't know for sure, but I am just going
to open up Upwork. Let's say I'm um
doing my little Upwork thing and I'm uh
applying to gigs on Upwork. So, what's
something that looks okay? Let's open
this up.
That looks cool. 80K spent. You see
somebody that has 80K spent posted an
hour ago. You guys got to jump on that.
Now, I know it says it's like 90 bucks
or whatever, but um I'd still do it. So,
replicate the attach flow chart inside
of making and wire up all integrations.
air table zero bounce instantly to slide
slide broadcast sequences blah blah
blah. Okay. Well, I'm not going to like
do the prep work um in this video, but
I'll show you guys how I would do the
application. So, I would use a loom.
Okay. So, just like this, I would I do
something like this. Hey, how's it
going? My name's Nick. I'm an a
automation specialist and I just came
across your post looking for somebody to
help you build a make.com automation for
what seems like a pretty cool lead
nurture funnel. I do this all the time.
So, this job post like spoke to me.
Literally all I do all day is build
flowcharts like you are talking about
and integrate them with tools like air
table instantly and so on. For context,
I run an AI and automation business
right now called Leftclick. And then I
also have a YouTube channel just my
first and my last name where I actually
build out exactly what you're asking for
and I've just done it so much that
people have actually ended up liking it
and I just hit 117,000 subs the other
day. So I don't say that to brag, just
to show you that I know exactly what I'm
doing and I do exactly this sort of
thing literally all day long. Okay.
Okay. Now, in terms of how I build out
the system specifically, uh you say that
it starts with a new lead in air table
and it goes to zero bounce validation.
So, here's a quick flow that I set up
that walks you through that process. I
should note that this flow is not
working. I just wanted to like put it in
front of you to run you through what the
logic would look like. So, you know,
step one, and this is where you would
actually have spent like 2 minutes to
put the thing together. Step one, you
know, we have this new lead and air
table module over here. Here's a demo
air table that I set up in 30 seconds.
When you add a lead, what's going to
happen is it's going to jump into the
air table. And then you said you want to
use zero bounce for validation. So zero
bounce actually has a built-in module.
Then I would just put it into said
module. I would then run it through the
validator. There are three or four
options that we could do here. And then
after I'd have a filter that basically
says, hey, is this above 50% email
validation rate, which just historically
is what we've done. I used to run a
content marketing company called 1
second copy. And I scaled that to uh
over $90,000 a month using like cold
email outreach. And our number was 50%.
your guys number might be slightly
different, but I'm happy to work with
you or maybe, you know, offer some
suggestions if necessary. And then from
there, I would do the next step and then
the next step and yada yada yada. At the
end of the day, this video should be
like 2 or 3 minutes or something like
that. Okay? And you don't have to go
like all the way down the whole thing.
You can kind of go 50/50. I mean, in
this case, this guy actually offered a
attachment. It looks like he built it on
whimsical, too. So, I bet you he's
totally seen my stuff. Anyway, so you
review things, you show them how to do
it. While you do it, you offer kind of a
little bit of social proof. And you
provide some context about your
experience. And at the end, you say
something along the lines of, "I'm
really confident I can knock this out of
the park for you. I'd be happy to do
this specific thing within 40 to 72
hours if you're willing. I'm new to
Upwork, but I'm not new to automation.
I've been doing AI automation systems
for the better part of the last x years.
So, my main goal at this point is just
to build up a little bit of profile
history and yeah, as I mentioned, just
like absolutely knock your socks off.
And then eventually after I knock your
socks off, I want to ask you for a
long-term retainer just because that
sort of thing I find alliance incentives
between me and my clients. I'm
incentivized to learn more about your
business so that I can offer more value,
deliver a bigger ROI, ultimately make
you guys as happy as possible, and you
guys are incentivized to work with me on
a long-term stable basis. You don't have
to make these hiring posts all the time,
which I know can be a pain in the ass.
Okay, awesome. Thank you very much. Just
respond to this proposal and I'd be
happy to get back to you. So yeah, you
know, this one's two to three minutes,
something like that. Realistically, I
pin it at 1.2 2 to 1.5x speed. The
reason why I do that is because think
about it like customer perspective. Even
if you are really shitty on camera or
whatever and you take a really long time
to say things, you talk like this, the
customer going to speed it up 1.5x. And
if you make that the default, well, they
get through the video in a shorter
period of time and then you also sound
more articulate. It's a win-win. Now, I
had no idea what I was doing there and
it's been a minute since I've done one
of these things clearly. But this is
exactly the sort of vibe that I would
use if I were to apply to one of these.
Okay, so that's for Upwork, right? But
then um we also postulated like we
talked about potentially let's
hypothetically say your service is like
doing some sort of Twitter optimization
or something. Everything that I just
showed you guys how to do for Upwork you
just do on Twitter. So you know instead
of saying hey I just came across a job
post. You be like hey you know make sure
you have their full name. A lot of
people call me Nikki when they do this
which is really annoying. My name isn't
Nikki. Um that's actually one of the
reasons why I keep it there because I
can tell if somebody's just bullshitting
or somebody actually knows who I am.
Like hey Nick, dude I love your stuff.
I've been following you for the better
part of the last 6 months. You know, I
love how you do and talk about X, Y, and
Z, whereas a lot of other people talk
about other thing. Listen, I know for a
fact you're losing like 12,000 bucks a
month right now, and I'm extraordinarily
specific because this is all I do. So,
what I wanted to do in this video is
just spend 2 minutes just showing you
how you could like fix that leak. Takes
zero work on your end. I've actually
given you the whole road map and the
whole blueprint. And yeah, you know, you
can just take this and farm it out to
somebody in your team. You don't even
have to touch it yourself. Like, I just
really love your stuff, man. And big
follower and I've been I've been
following you for a long time. I just
want you to solve this so that you can
and benefit and continue flourishing and
and whatever. So then what do you do?
You show them the thing that you're
selling them. What is the thing that
you're selling them? I don't know. Maybe
in this case it's like some Twitter
ghost writing automator thing where it's
like, "Nick, man, I know you do YouTube.
So you should pump your YouTube into
this service and then the output will be
a bunch of Twitter posts. This is what
it looks like. Then we'll implement it
in your thing and you'll just make a ton
more money like this client did." And
then at the end, you know, you say
something like, "So as promised, you
know, there's everything you need.
You'll find the files over here. You'll
find like the custom generated assets.
You know, I have examples of exactly how
to do this step by step. You know, if
you did hypothetically not want to do
all this stuff yourself, or if you don't
have somebody on the team to do it, I'd
be happy to do it for you completely at
cost. It wouldn't cost you a scent. I
would take care of it all myself. And
only if you loved working with me for,
let's say, the next 14 days, would I at
the end of this ask for some sort of
retainer subscription, but my goal is to
overwhelm you and just drown you in
value. So, I'll make sure I do that
before we ever get to that point. Okay.
Thank you very much. You know, just
respond to my email and I'll I'll do it
all for you or something. That's the
sort of vibe that you give to creators
like myself and really anybody else that
you're reaching on like a B2B basis.
This is like the drown in value vibe and
people just love that stuff. Okay, so
yeah, that's the multimodal outreach
method. That's a 5,000 emails a month.
That's how you improve your closing
probability. Uh and then yeah, you don't
need a CRM. Okay, no CRM. Definitely
don't do that. Dead Thunder 11 says,
"Yo, Nick, thanks for this info. I'm
wondering, do I need a team for my
agency or can I run it solo?" You can
absolutely run it solo. I ran my agency
solo for a very long time. Then I uh ran
my info product solo for a very long
time as well. The limit that most people
say you need to start hiring at is
actually a lot higher than you think.
And the benefit to not hiring right
away, just so everybody's on the same
page, is that let's say you're at $5,000
bucks a month and you start thinking,
"Oh man, it's so hard to keep up with
this stuff. I should hire somebody."
One, the higher you're going to get at
$5,000 a month is going to suck. You
don't really have a very good budget to
get good people. So odds are you're
going to end up with some issues on that
side of things. either they're going to
need to be trained or managed more than
average or their longevity is just a
little bit lower or I don't know,
there's just some other issue with hires
at that level, which is unfortunate. The
likelihood of them working out is lower.
Okay. Um, let's say you do end up hiring
them and then two months go by and you
train them up and everything is good.
Now you're making $5,000 a month, you
pay them $3,000 a month, now you're
making $2,000 a month. They're never
going to be able to do the thing as good
as you, which is just an unfortunate
reality. And uh, your agency is going to
grow slower because of it, because of,
you know, poor retention, poor customer
quality control and and stuff like that.
Okay. You know, contrast this with a
totally different idea. Instead of you
just running the exact same business
model in universe B, you reach $5,000 a
month and you think, hey, rather than
hiring somebody, how can I shift the way
that my business operates so that I can
increase the total ceiling revenue
attainable with just me? So, I'll give
you a quick example that a lot of people
end up doing, myself included. Instead
of selling these damn notifications,
instead instead of selling custom builds
like most people do from 0 to one, you
start selling productized services
instead. So instead of you having to go
through a big scoping step and then
learn potentially new software platforms
and then do lengthy revisions and stuff
like that and you make a $5,000 project
with it, maybe you dial it back and you
build a really simple deliverable and
it's just like a CRM setup or something
like that and then it eliminates all
those steps because you've already fixed
most of those variables. Maybe the
customer gives you some direction, but
for the most part it's you. And then
instead of just doing one of those a
month or something, now you can do five.
And instead of charging $5,000, you're
charging $2,000 because it's a smaller,
simpler project. But two times five is
10, which is two times what you're
making at $5,000. Do you kind of see my
point here? I guess to make a long story
short, every time you're faced with this
like, holy I don't really know if
I can keep going path, the fork in the
road on your path, you sort of have two
choices. And choice number one is higher
and then continue doing the same
business model just slower. And then the
other choice is okay, think about how
you could remake your business model to
function at a higher level of leverage,
which is what I've done, what a lot of
other people here do. And this is how
freelancers and solo agencies are
hitting, you know, 20, 30, and 40k
months. Steve Abraham 7440 says, "Yo,
Nick, I've watched your videos, noticed
the automated email setup, but what if I
have to really concentrate the follow-up
sequences? I believe tools like Instant
and others would help with this. Also,
what if I'm out of money? I've created a
scenario for follow-ups. The confusing
part is when I should follow up after
the initial emails. I personally do a 74
30 days to send follow-ups, but I don't
receive any responses from it. Now, I'm
not sure whether it's the structure of
the email or the follow-ups. I want to
sell expensive glass artworks to the
architecture market, real estate
developers, and construction where the
artworks can be used. Wow, this is
really interesting. I don't think I've
ever heard of this niche before, but um
just because it's so interesting, why
don't I take this and then maybe make a
little screenshot in here and then run
you through what I would do. So, first
and foremost, I think a major issue
you're having is you're sending
follow-ups at like 7,4 and then 30-day
cadences. Like, this might work if
you're like a real estate person and
you're just following up with people on
large large deal sizes and you want to
give them as much room to breathe as
humanly possible while also
understanding that like there are some
complexities in larger deals. I don't
think your deal really qualifies. If I
were you, I would cut that way down and
I would make it a lot more palatable to
like today's average internet user.
Follow up with them every 48 hours or
so. So, you know, if I could give you a
prescription, this is Dr. Nick and he's
giving you a prescription, it would be
shortened follow-ups to, you know, 48
hours. Okay. So, inside of instantly,
which I will sign into right now, but it
will take a while cuz they have some
weird anti- scraping protections. And I
don't know if I've just scraped so much
stuff at this point that like the
Cloudflare verification always thinks
that I'm a robot, but I always have to
load it like three or four times. What
this means instantly if you're using a
tool like this is head over to something
like this sequences. Okay, step one. You
can have all your split tests here for
on the hyper growth plan. That's what I
have. And then down here where it says
send next message in 2 days, just change
this. So, right now it's seven. Go two.
Okay. Right off the bat, that's number
one. The second thing that I would do is
change followup subject lines. So,
what's really interesting, and I've run
this test on a number of occasions. I
haven't done this on this one. Um, this
is a campaign I created live on video,
and you know, I've since scaled to about
a 4% reply rate. I paused it a while ago
just cuz I was getting so many replies
and I didn't really want to leave a
bunch of people hanging. It's funny. I
actually have somebody being like, "I
said I'm interested. This is the first
time someone cold emails me and doesn't
get back to me." That's when I was like,
"All right, I should probably turn this
off." But the subject line here on the
follow-up is actually really important,
believe it or not. Um, if you change the
subject line, you're going to have a
higher reply rate on follow-ups almost
like by default, so long as your subject
lines don't suck. But stuff like re, you
know, whatever does not perform as well
as just an entirely new one. So, you
know, instead of just going re, which is
automatically what happens if you leave
the subject line empty, it just uses the
previous step subject. Instead, add a
new subject line and make it
personalized like add a like like first
name or something. Again, go like Q
first name or something. Okay? Something
that's super casual, something lowerase,
something that just gets people to at
least click on it. And then, um, in the
follow-up, do something where you
specifically add. So, I said C previous
email here because I was specifically
leveraging the re. Um, but do something
where you where you basically do like a
cliffnotes. Cliff notes in case you
don't remember, you know, I do this.
This is why I reached out to you. This
is what I'm looking for. Let me know if
you'd be into it. And then, you know,
see previous email if you have more
questions. Something like that usually
works much much better. So, if you want
to improve the quality of the
follow-ups, do that as well. Um, change
the follow-up subject lines and then
include some context in the follow-up.
You have to do this if you're doing this
approach because otherwise it'll just
seem like discombobulated emails. And
then what else do we got? Yeah, if you
want to really concentrate on the
follow-up sequences is how you do it.
Oh, and then my last thing is just start
with two. Start with a sequence of two.
If you go much further than two, at
least initially, you're running the risk
of your primary email copy being really
bad and then your follow-up email copy
being really bad and then everybody just
getting like emails from you having bad
taste in their mouth and then just
marking you spam. So instead, what you
have to do is you have to launch the
campaign with just like two follow-ups
to start. This is my recommendation. See
where your reply rates are at. If
they're reasonable, and if you get
mostly positive replies, if it's like, I
don't know, something like my watch me
start and sell campaign, which you guys
can check out on my main channel if you
guys want an example of or now I'm
getting, you know, 3ish% positive reply
rates, totally cold, that's good, right?
Then you add another follow-up because
odds are you haven't squeezed all the
juice out of it. And then you run that
for a week and then if you see your
deliverability go down or if you see the
total reply rate not meaningfully
change, then you don't add another one.
But if you don't see these things
change, then you continue adding them
basically on a weekly cadence until
eventually uh you get to the point where
they're just diminishing returns and
people are marking you as spam. So
hopefully what I'm saying there makes
sense. That's kind of nuance, but yeah,
like always start with fewer follow-ups
than you think and then validate that
that works. And if it works, then start
adding follow-ups because every time you
add a follow-up, you will be increasing
your reply rate. This is one of the
simplest and easiest ways to get a
campaign that's okay. It's launched at
like a like a 2.5 3% reply rate um off
the bat and then you know, you add an
additional followup, now it's four. You
had an additional followup, now it's
4.5. You had an additional follow-up,
now it's five. You can legitimately
like, you know, almost 2x the reply rate
just with good follow-ups. So, yeah. And
then, you know, add gradually, I'll say,
avoiding spam. So, this is my
prescription for you. Okay. This is what
I would do if I were in your shoes. And
the fact that you're selling expensive
glass artworks, the architecture market,
real estate developers, and
construction, that's really interesting.
I feel like you do need a good pitch.
So, I don't know what your pitch is, but
I don't know, man. And if you want me to
roast you, just leave your whole email
copy like in a comment and then I'm
happy to do it on future ones. B3 Anna 3
says, "Hey Nick, just started your main
course. I'm fresh out of high school,
18. Have tons of time currently. Pretty
much just watch your videos religiously
all day from both your channels ever
since I found you." Anyway, I want to
use OpenAI tokens, but they don't seem
to be free. I'm getting quite frustrated
cuz I'm realizing how you need at least
a little initial capital to start an
agency. And I know you talked about the
time-consuming methods, cold DMs, and
emails, but realistically, wouldn't it
be harder to get clients to even
bootstrap from there? It would be. Yeah.
Also, I don't have anything to put on my
business card. Do you have any ideas on
what I should do? Should I work
part-time? Also, I took your advice on
avoiding short-term content like the
plague and it's been really great. I
find myself way less distracted than it
used to be. I really appreciate the
content you put out. You're very
inspiring. Sorry for like a billion
questions. No problem. Let us enumerate
the questions here. So, the first one
is, wouldn't it be harder to get clients
to even bootstrap from there? It's much
harder to get clients when you have no
available capital B3 and A3 because you
don't have anything to trade or win back
some time with. So, you do have to spend
more time up front. I love the idea of
bootstrapping because I make something
from nothing essentially. And I think
that's just so incredibly powerful when
you do it right. I'm not on my hands and
knees begging for investor money. I have
the capability, freedom, agency, and
autonomy to do whatever the hell I want
with my own money. And when it's your
own money, you tend to spend it a lot
more intelligently than when it's
somebody else's money, despite how much
easier it is to move forward with
somebody else's money. So, it's much
harder to get clients if you have no
money. Now, if you have $100, it's a lot
easier to get clients than if you have
$0. If you have $1,000, it's only
marginally easier to get clients than if
you have $100. So the easiness kind of
shoots up, you know, like it's it's a
lot easier, a lot quicker with a little
bit of money. And then if you have like
a ton of money, it doesn't actually get
that much easier. I don't have anything
to put on my business card. Do you have
any ideas of what I should do? When you
say business card, do you mean like your
portfolio? If you mean a physical
business card, wouldn't even worry about
a business card. I don't have a business
card for left click. Never did, never
will. Definitely don't have one for this
other business. The only real purpose of
a business card is when you're going
door todoor or you're going to trade
shows or conferences or something. If
you're talking portfolio, I think you
should take my make.com blueprints.
Probably start with make. It's easiest.
And then um just rebuild or make some
slight tweaks to them and then boom. Now
you have three systems that you have
just taken from me essentially. But
you've added I don't know your own
flare. Change the prompt, change the
email copy, add some cute little
flowery. I'm assuming you're you're a
girl here and I'm just sort of screwing
with you here. But just add like some
some cute little thing there. It makes
it look a little bit different than
mine. Basically, the point I'm making is
convince yourself that it's yours now.
Okay. It's B3 Anna 3s and not Nicks. And
then once you have that, you could take
some screenshots of those and now you
have portfolio pieces for Upwork. Should
I work part-time? I do love the idea of
working part-time for somebody that's at
the start line of their automation
business because now you have some sort
of disposable income and capital. And
keep in mind now you don't have 8 hours
a day or whatever, 16 hours a day to
build your business. You have less time.
But that's not actually a negative. When
you introduce a constraint into your
life, like let's say less time or fewer
hours because you have some job or
whatever, you actually grow more
efficient with the time that you have
left. assuming that you are the sort of
person who is willing to complete the
same output in the shorter amount of
time. So, I know I'm making some
assumptions there, but constraints are
how you grow. If you have a major
constraint and you still want to make it
happen, you're going to find a way to
make it happen. That usually involves
you working a little bit more
effectively. All right? So, if you can
get a part-time job, maybe you'll get
yourself that first $100 in like a week
or something, and then you can take the
$100 the next week, spend it on outreach
methods, and then you can 5x the speed
at which you get your first three
automation clients. I feel like you
changed your name. I'm sleepy said you
mentioned your most profitable system
was your cold outreach system using
insta can you break down the system for
us also do you and house set up
mailboxes just use the ones the client
already has yeah I'll break it down step
by step so first of all there's sort of
like a manual way and there's an
automatic way so manual is you go to
apollo.com and then um you create a
search URL on apollo.com so maybe like I
don't know creative agencies you put in
a bunch of info let me see if I'm logged
in here I have a creative agency search
set up cuz I did this for a video you go
here uh to people and then you do a
search. So I'm just searching for
creative agencies, right? And what you
do is you copy this URL. You go to
appify.com. What you want is you want
there's a bunch of different scrapers,
but just type in Apollo and there'll be
a bunch. The one that was really popular
that I helped popularize is this one
here because it's a $120 per thousand
leads. And what you do is you paste the
URL in this bar and then you pay $120
per thousand. Okay. So I've already run
this a couple time. I think I ran this
yesterday or the day before, right? Uh
yeah, a couple days ago. So 500 leads.
So then from here you get output. Output
includes first name, last name, country,
and then a bunch of email addresses. See
these? These are actual email addresses
of people. We got these in two steps for
like a couple bucks. What you do with
this is you export it as a CSV. Let me
just write all the stuff down. And you
scrape. And I like using the code
crafter one. You export this as a CSV.
Then you feed into AI. When I say feed
into AI, I mean you'll literally grab
this exported CSV. Okay? Then you'll
pump it into like make.com or NAD and
then you'll go here message model.
You'll say something like you're a
helpful intelligent writing assistant. I
don't know. It's just my default. I
don't think that works as good as uh
other ones. And you say your task is to
create a personalized oneline icebreaker
based on a bunch of profile information
about the lead
about the lead I'm about to reach out
to. You'll receive XYZ data. Okay, just
whatever data is in the spreadsheet that
you want to customize based off of.
Format your icebreaker as follows. And
then I usually do like um I don't know
some JSON formatting which is just
really easy. And then I'll have like hey
name
loved your X. Big fan of Y as well.
Figured I'd connect. Okay. So you do
this and then you add another message
and then you just add all the d you know
your data goes here. Okay. Then you run
it across your entire data set. So you
use like a Google sheet module or node
or something like that and it'll like
iterate through it all and then you do
it for all of the lines and then you
take that and you upload it to
instantly.ai or smart lead or one of
these services. That's kind of like the
manual way and I usually do all the
copyrightiting everything like that
myself because I'm just much better at
that. The automatic way is um you have
like a Google Drive watch folder. So
there's um like web hooks out there that
allow you to watch to see if a file is
uploaded to Google Drive. What you do is
you set up an automation so that watches
a Google Drive. When somebody uploads a
sheet to a Google Drive like the lead
sheet that I just talked about, it'll
automatically do all this stuff for you.
So you don't actually have to run it and
then it'll automatically add it to
instantly in the automatic campaign or
the automatic sequence that you've
already set up. And so in that way all
you or somebody else in the team does is
if you're managing it all you literally
just go through and you can scrape the
leads automatically using appy as well.
Like there's a web hook that does it
all. You know the simplest way is you
just tell somebody on the team like hey
you just drag and drop the leads into
here. Um the leads just have to be
formatted in the spreadsheet uh
template. So once you have the
spreadsheet template add all the leads,
pump them in and then we'll manage
everything completely autonomously for
you behind the scenes. The benefit to
this is uh you basically now have like
50 different lead sources that you could
throw in there, right? like um as
opposed to you only having this one
mechanism, what you could do is, you
know, maybe they have some leads that
they get through a conference or
something. This happened to me once.
Maybe they have some leads that they got
through Apollo,
but maybe they also bought some leads
using Zoom Info. See, it's been so long
since I've ever used an aggregator like
Zoom Info that I don't even Maybe they
have a bunch of leads through LinkedIn.
Maybe they scrape their leads some other
way. or maybe they have a VA like
manually assemble the leads. Okay, the
benefit with this is this drive kicks in
right at this step here and then it
uploads to instantly and basically
manages the whole campaign for them. And
then I've also done some additional like
lead nurturing things. I used to have
all this stuff out of the box. I haven't
sold one of these in uh quite a while,
probably like three or four months, a
couple months, but I used to have all
this stuff um out of the box where like
I would have like three or four add-ons.
It' be like a lead nurturing add-on,
there'd be like some other thing. The
lead nurturing would be like an
autoresponder.
So, if we get a response to one of the
instantly emails, and we get them
between the hours of, I don't know, like
6:00 p.m. to like 7:00 a.m., we'd
actually immediately respond. It'd be
like, "Hey, Peter, thanks so much for
getting back to me. Sure. Let me follow
up with you in the morning. Um, I'm
just, you know, tucking my kids in right
now." Or something like that. The
importance there is you're still
contacting the lead immediately. So, you
give them the perception that like
you're attentive and they really like
that and then this buys you a little bit
of time. And then somebody on the other
end of the line, like somebody on their
team or you, if you're managing it all
themselves, which is usually what I
recommend because I'm better at it, then
you know, like the response rate goes
up. How do I give social proof, gain
trust from my clients? And after signing
my first client, can you give me the
process on delivery group and a payment?
How can I easily find clients and
getting leads? I want to get some
initial clients. Thanks once again. I
just got to turn off my Airbnb's AC cuz
it keeps on coming on and off. So I
should note that you're not going to
like find clients easily. It is simple
to find clients, but it is not easy to
be clear. So things that are simple are
not necessarily things that are easy.
This is a great example of that. You're
probably going to have a tough time
doing this for sure. Not to scare you,
it's just client acquisition is the
toughest part of this. So maybe focus
less on the easy part and just you know
the simple part. And so how do you give
social proof uh to people? You need to
have some sort of like demonstrated
revenue or savings success. I usually
recommend having it of the form I
generated X for Y using Z because that
frontloads the benefit. So I generated
$153,821
for a B2B SAS company using CRO systems.
That's a great example. I generated
$92,000 a month for a content writing
business using content production
systems. That's another good example.
Stuff like this. You get like three or
four of these like oneline case studies
and then you put them on like your
website, you put them on your Upwork
profile and then also you just like
remember them. Oh, you know that that
reminds me of a concert writing company
I was working with. They were asking for
something really similar. We ended up
scaling them to $92,000 a month. Do you
want me to show you how? And it's like,
okay, cool. You're really going to like
this. That's pretty interesting. So then
you share your screen and then like, you
know, run them through what the system
is. So if you're at the start line, you
probably don't have the stuff directly
for automation, but you may have uh
experience in other industries that you
can bring over here. And then if you
don't have that, then don't get me
wrong, like most people do start at the
start line. rocket scientist didn't
build a perfect rocket the first time,
nor did a heart surgeon do his heart
surgery perfectly the first time. Like
everybody's got to start somewhere,
right? So, if you have nowhere to start,
then you just say stuff like, "I built a
cold email system that did X, Y, and Z
thing." And then you just build it for
yourself. That's sort of how you
bootstrap it. Yeah. And then delivery,
agreement, and payment. I mean, you
know, I do talk about this pretty often
on this channel. Delivery is just do you
build it in their own workspace.
Agreements, I'm not a big fan of
agreements. I usually just do some sort
of proposal with like very minimal legal
ease payment. Um I usually just bundle
it in with the proposal. So they deal
with the legal ease, they deal with the
proposal, and then I get the payment and
I do it all in one as opposed to, you
know, me having to go back and forth and
send them and whatnot. And there
you have it. I hope these answers gave
you some clarity on the challenges that
most people face with automation
businesses. And here's the thing. This
is just a very small subset of all of
the questions that I get every day over
on my daily updates channel. So, if you
enjoyed this format and you guys want
more direct answers to your questions. I
literally check every single comment
over there. I've never skipped one and
I'm not about to. Just head to the link
in the description, subscribe, drop your
questions, and I promise I will address
them in an upcoming video. For those of
you that are ready to accelerate your
journey and join a community of people
that are actually making real money with
AI automation, check out Maker School.
We got over 2,500 members who typically
get their first clients within the month
or two of joining thanks to our 90-day
built-in accountability program.
Otherwise, hit that subscribe button if
you haven't already, and I'll see all
you'all in the next video.